README.md, before:


# important-magento-cli-commands

## Important commands for using php and composer in plesk cli:

**for plesk to specify php version in ssh:**
echo "alias php='/opt/plesk/php/7.3/bin/php'" >> ~/.bashrc

**for plesk to specify the composer php version:**
echo "alias composer='/opt/plesk/php/7.3/bin/php -d memory_limit=2048M /usr/lib/plesk-9.0/composer.phar'" >> ~/.bashrc



## useful Magento 2 CLI commands:

**Prepare The Cron in Crontab:**

php bin/magento cron:install


**Check The Module Status:**

php bin/magento module:status


**Disable Module:**

php bin/magento module:disable VENDOR_MODULENAME


**Enable Module:**

php bin/magento module:enable VENDOR_MODULENAME


**Cache Operations:**

php bin/magento cache:status

php -d memory_limit=2048M bin/magento cache:flush

php -d memory_limit=2048M bin/magento cache:clean


**Indexer ( Reindex | Reset ):**

php -d memory_limit=2048M bin/magento indexer:reindex

php bin/magento indexer:reset


**Setup Upgrade:**

php -d memory_limit=2048M bin/magento setup:upgrade


**Setup Compile:**

php -d memory_limit=2048M bin/magento setup:di:compile


**Static Content Deploy:**

php -d memory_limit=2048M bin/magento setup:static-content:deploy


**Catalog Images Resize:**

php bin/magento catalog:image:resize


**Deploy Mode Functions:**

php bin/magento deploy:mode:show

php bin/magento deploy:mode:set production ( default | production | developer )
 

**Some Config Set from CLI:**

php bin/magento config:set dev/js/enable_js_bundling 1

php bin/magento config:set dev/js/minify_files 1

php bin/magento config:set dev/static/sign 1

php bin/magento config:set dev/js/merge_files 1

Commit message:

load .bashrc after ssh login

README.md, after:


# important-magento-cli-commands

## Important commands for using php and composer in plesk cli:

**for plesk to specify php version in ssh:**
echo "alias php='/opt/plesk/php/7.3/bin/php'" >> ~/.bashrc

**for plesk to specify the composer php version:**
echo "alias composer='/opt/plesk/php/7.3/bin/php -d memory_limit=2048M /usr/lib/plesk-9.0/composer.phar'" >> ~/.bashrc

**for plesk load .bashrc after ssh login:**

create ~/.profile and insert this in it:

 ~/.profile: executed by Bourne-compatible login shells.

if [ "$BASH" ]; then
  if [ -f ~/.bashrc ]; then
    . ~/.bashrc
  fi
fi


## useful Magento 2 CLI commands:

**Prepare The Cron in Crontab:**

php bin/magento cron:install


**Check The Module Status:**

php bin/magento module:status


**Disable Module:**

php bin/magento module:disable VENDOR_MODULENAME


**Enable Module:**

php bin/magento module:enable VENDOR_MODULENAME


**Cache Operations:**

php bin/magento cache:status

php -d memory_limit=2048M bin/magento cache:flush

php -d memory_limit=2048M bin/magento cache:clean


**Indexer ( Reindex | Reset ):**

php -d memory_limit=2048M bin/magento indexer:reindex

php bin/magento indexer:reset


**Setup Upgrade:**

php -d memory_limit=2048M bin/magento setup:upgrade


**Setup Compile:**

php -d memory_limit=2048M bin/magento setup:di:compile


**Static Content Deploy:**

php -d memory_limit=2048M bin/magento setup:static-content:deploy


**Catalog Images Resize:**

php bin/magento catalog:image:resize


**Deploy Mode Functions:**

php bin/magento deploy:mode:show

php bin/magento deploy:mode:set production ( default | production | developer )
 

**Some Config Set from CLI:**

php bin/magento config:set dev/js/enable_js_bundling 1

php bin/magento config:set dev/js/minify_files 1

php bin/magento config:set dev/static/sign 1

php bin/magento config:set dev/js/merge_files 1
